on this Friday we're finishing up with
my church of Addison capital and his
number one moneymaker you know they're
all women in the control room when most
investors think of investing in gold
they usually think ETS but how about
investing in physical gold right the
actual stuff one company is making that
a lot easier in fact more easier than
ever for an average investor to not only
by the physical a commodity but to store
it as well because you need a lot of
security and he is sub neat saying he's
the CEO and founder of bullion
international good to see you
thanks for having me all right let's
talk about how your operation works if I
want to buy a couple of bars of gold you
make it happen but but I need to know
when the prices don't eyes it's just
your basic spot gold prices on a no so
what we've done is trying to take it
over the counter market and put it onto
a technology platform so traditionally
when you want to buy a bar of gold or a
coin you're calling coin dealers you're
going to online websites there's not a
lot of transparency and so we've done is
partnered with some of the largest gold
dealers and refiners so that people can
literally electronically order place in
order so just like you type in a ticker
for IBM X amount of shares with us you
can type in I want five bars of gold
stored in Zurich it the order hits our
system we bid it out to our market of
dealers whatever ideal herb is the best
price get the transaction so we make it
very very easy and transparent to the
end-user are the dealers the one who
store and if not how do you get involved
in the storage sure so we coordinate the
storage with two non-bank vaulting
providers so we currently offer storage
in New York London Zurich Salt Lake City
Utah and pretty soon in Asia as well and
we chose non banks that we didn't want
to be tied with in the banking system so
the client picks where they want is
stored we we purchased the clients
drawers if the clients absolutely
clients choices their metal if they want
to ship to their house we could ship to
their house or we can move from location
to location Hugh got into this business
because you felt that there were a lot
of ripoff artists out there I mean let's
call it how we see it the numismatic
gold and the collectors gold we see the
commercials at 2:00 in the morning
yeah but you're making money somehow
aren't you how we are so just like any
other dealer we make some in a bid-ask
spread so the physical market trades at
a premium to the paper market because
there's a fabrication charge and
transportation and but because we bid it
out these market dealers we're able to
collapse that spread and then we charge
our clients
which is a very similar charge to an ETF
so our real thesis is that we can make
it as liquid and as easy to do as buying
an ETF or the other products out there
you should always buy the real asset let
me ask you about the price of gold it
seems to have been stuck in a range for
the past couple of months yeah what do
you think is going to happen is going to
stay there or is it set to break out or
break down yeah you know I think with
the coordinated action of the central
bank's this week in the US continued to
probably provide liquidity to all the
banks in Europe I think you start to see
some momentum especially with the
possibility of the ECB cutting rates and
maybe even the Fed cutting the discount
rate cheapens currency strengthens gold
right in environments when there's
negative real rates of return and
getting more negative or moving more
towards zero gold does very well in
those environment what's your price
target what do you think gold is going
to you know we don't have price targets
I think most people try in 2000 I think
it will and I think most people look at
the pre nineteen eighties peak inflation
adjusted but that's probably the wrong
way to do it because so much has changed
since then there was no ETF then there
were companies like so access has
changed in the first half of this year
half the buying of gold was actually at
Asia particularly in China and India so
we have some dynamics that didn't exist
before so we try not to peg it to that
where do you keep your gold I try to
keep it in Zurich so we eyes your work
because I think one of the advantages of
having the real asset is you can add
more diversification so I can have a
real asset but I can also store it
outside the country so well all my other
assets are stored in the US I can just
type in a ticker and get it I might as
well do that to pits the cost the same
we're running out of time but David now
had a gold guess the other day who said
he stores his in London because the
black helicopter theory the Ukrainians
are going to bomb Zurich yeah because
all the gold is stored there have you
heard that crazy rumor yeah you hear
these rumors I think in the end it's you
know we part of the best insurance
coming in the world to protect you
against things like that but we want
clients have the flexibility to make the
choice some neat sing good to see you
thank you very much congratulations on
your success thank you for sure the
financial stock that could see
means even if Europe falls apart top
analyst Brad heads joins us to name that
name next also GNC the vitamin company
they are hiring and they are expanding
we're going to be asking the CEO how
they keep getting people to shell out
big bucks for vitamins in this economy
it's a Fox Business exclusive straight
ahead on after the bell